FEAT: Support XINFERENCE_DISABLE_METRICS env (#1547)
xorbitsai/inference: doc/source/getting_started/environments.rst

XINFERENCE_DISABLE_VLLM
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Xinference will automatically use vLLM as backend if conditions are met.
Setting this environment to 1 can disable the use of vLLM.

XINFERENCE_DISABLE_METRICS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Xinference will disable the metrics exporter on the supervisor and worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Xinference will by default enable the metrics exporter on the supervisor and worker.
```
